NARRATOR:
Previously, on Revolution:
The rebels are winning.
Miles is leading them.
We have to kill him now.
WARREN: Why would you go to the Tower?
- To turn the power back on.
You'll destroy the nanites...
...even though they do more
than keep the power off.
I need you to look out for Charlie.
- That's supposed to be your job.
- Promise me. You can't be who you were.
MAN:
Sir. Georgian reinforcements are here.
- I get why you're with Georgia now.
- I'm with Georgia because you...
-...are a traitor.
- I hate you.
[GRUNTS]
You're not such a bad guy, Miles.
Don't worry, I won't tell.
[RACHEL YELLING]
RACHEL:
You need to leave.
- I won't leave you.
- Something you need to know.
Dr. Warren's journal
has everything about the Tower.
It's like a spell book. Page 74.
AARON:
What do I have to do with any of this?
[BEEPING]
Did you ever think
you'd be doing this again?
Never wanted to.
Hey-
- Where you going?
- I got patrol.
You gonna leave a 20 on the night stand?
You're making me feel cheap.
Look, this was a mistake.
Eh, didn't feel like one.
All right. Nora, stop.
What's wrong?
Look, we're winning a few fights.
But odds are, once this thing's out...
...one of us is gonna watch
the other one die.
So why make it harder?
Oh, God.
WOMAN:
Give me a hand with that.
TOM:
I think you owe me an apology, boy.
You left me to die on that boat.
Stand up.
Finish the job.
Take it.
Come on! You're so tough.
- Back up.
- Do it.
Back up.
No matter how hard you try,
you are never gonna get rid of me.
I think I'll stick around,
help out your boyfriend Matheson.
Yes, sir.
You and I are gonna be together...
...for a very long time.
Hey!
- Just perfect.
- Wait up.
I tried so hard to get rid of that
son of a bitch. And now he's here?
And the worst part is,
it shouldn't even bother me by now.
I should be used to it.
It's insane, right?
A little.
But I get it.
I didn't exactly have the smoothest
relationship with my morn.
I don't know, sometimes I think
it's just easier being alone.
Seriously,
why the hell am I in this book?
This is why I didn't want to tell you.
I knew you'd obsess about it.
Yes, no, I'm sorry for overreacting.
I don't know. It doesn't make any sense.
I'll tell you one thing.
I think Ben knew...
...something.
- What do you mean?
- As soon as we met you, he kept you close.
No matter where we moved,
what we did...
...you were with him.
He could've given that pendant to anyone
and he chose you.
This is just creeping me out.
- Let's get going.
- How am I supposed to do that?
No, come on.
I don't wanna hear it.
No. Aaron.
- Wait.
- Aaron. Aaron.
[YELLS]
[GROANS]
Sorry.
You really aren't gonna leave me,
are you?
No, I'm really not.
Hand me my pack.
I have an idea.
Something that might fix my leg.
Why didn't you say something before?
Because it probably won't work
and it will probably get us both killed...
...but you are so stupid and stubborn
that you won't leave, so...
There might be a way.
How?
With this.
[RUMBLING IN DISTANCE]
You hear that?
[JET ENGINE WHINING]
[BELL RINGING]
- What's wrong?
- I don't know.
NORA:
Miles!
Incoming!
I came.
Bass and I looked for Ben
for a very long time.
We could've just taken him.
But out of respect,
I invited him to join me.
- Didn't ask for you.
- Disappointed?
Can Ben get the lights back on
or can't he?
We both can.
Miles, what did you think, that I was
sitting around making him martinis?
I was project lead.
I know as much about this
as Ben does. More.
But Ben has no...
...interest in turning the lights back on.
I do.
I thought you didn't want
to see me again.
I've been thinking about a lot of things.
Well...
...we're gonna go get Ben anyway.
[HIGH-PITCHED WHINING]
[MUFFLED SHOUTING]
MAN:
Anyone! Are you still alive in there?
NORA:
Help! Help me!
- Nora!
NORA: Help me!
- Nora.
- Help!
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
Are you all right? Can you move?
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Where's Charlie?
I don't know.
Charlie!
MAN:
Come on, everybody give him a hand!
Charlie!
- Pretty impressive, Aaron.
- Well, other kids played sports.
Of course, I have no idea...
-...what I'm building.
- The capsule is, uh...
...first-generation nanotech.
It kept Danny alive.
Fixed his lung tissue.
Um...
You can reprogram it to do...
...almost anything.
Stitch bone, heal skin.
It could fix my leg, if it works.
And if it doesn't?
Hmm, could...
...cook us from the inside...
...or ignite the air.
Hard to say.
Uh-huh.
MILES:
We had 300 men 3O minutes ago.
Now we got 30.
- How do you think they found us?
- My best guess? We have a mole.
I don't know. Got bigger fish right now.
Hey. Did you find Charlie?
Last anyone heard, she and Jason were
heading towards the north lookout.
They never came back.
Sir. Sir. Militia troops, sir.
Coming down from the north.
Three miles away.
- How many?
- Seems like all of them.
Could be hundreds.
Looks like Monroe's out
to finish the job this time.
Okay. Anybody who can still walk,
get them down to the river. To the boats.
What about the ones who can't walk?
Look...
...I want you to get out while you can.
- Where are you going?
- North.
- Right at Monroe's men?
- That's where Charlie is.
Well, you're not going alone.
And don't argue.
Damn it.
Wait!
Stupid kid.
Uh, you serious?
His mother will never forgive me
if I let him die out there alone.
[CHARLIE COUGHING]
Jason?
[SCREAMS]
JEREMY:
This is better than we could've hoped for.
The drones are mowing down
the Georgian and rebel forces.
Sir, we're winning.
And what about Miles?
Huh?
Uh, well, I doubt he survived.
I'll believe that
when I see it, captain.
Yeah, but even if he did,
he's not gonna have the men to command.
Sir. It's in the bag.
Look, there's a few of us
who are celebrating across the street.
It would mean a lot
if you came and had a drink.
I can't. Got my hands full.
I am one of your oldest friends, right?
MONROE:
Mm-hm.
May I speak as one instead of
the dashing officer that I am?
Of course.
You've worked for this.
You can take a moment and enjoy it.
You shouldn't be cooped up here
like some kind of recluse.
You're not peeing in jars, are you?
[CHUCKLES]
One drink.
One.
[GUNSHOT]
MAN 1: Take cover, take cover!
MAN 2: Agh!
MAN 3:
Shots came from the roof!
General!
MAN 4:
Here!
MAN 3:
We need a medic!
How do we power it?
Just plug it in, you'll see.
[COMPUTER HUMMING]
Wow.
Yeah.
[FLOORBOARD CREAKS]
Okay.
[RACHEL GRUNTS]
- Do you really think we'll explode?
- Just do it, Aaron.
[GROANS]
[RACHEL CRYING]
[SCREAMING]
What did I do wrong?
Rachel.
BLACKMORE:
What the hell was that?
- That's impossible, how'd you do that?
- Take it easy.
BLACKWELL:
You're coming with us.
AARON: Hold on--
- You're coming with us. Now.
[PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE]
[WHISTLING]
[MEN GRUNTING]
Jason.
- It's okay. Jason.
- Hey, hey, hey. Where's Charlie?
The lookout tower collapsed.
She was inside.
And you just left her there?
I tried to dig her out.
Did you find her?
- Is she alive or is she not?
- Hey, back off. Back off.
JASON:
I don't know.
- The militia just came out of nowhere.
- He needs a doctor.
No, I can't get past the militia like this.
Just leave me a gun.
I'll get him out of here.
Go.
Good luck, Tom.
Where's Ben?
Where's your family?
Search the woods.
RACHEL:
Don't bother. They're long gone.
Where?
I don't know.
I don't know
if I'm ever gonna see them again.
But it's worth it.
Keep them safe from you.
Can you get the power back on, Rachel?
- No.
- But Ben can.
Doesn't matter, you will never find him.
You think that
we haven't heard the stories?
General Matheson,
the Butcher of Baltimore.
You think that we're going to give you
the ability to kill more people?
You are a monster.
We are ashamed
to call you one of our family.
[GRUNTS]
That's not what you used to say
about me.
So you thought
you could just bat your eyes at me...
...and I'd roll over.
Take you away instead of Ben,
that right?
Rachel, I cared about you.
I did.
Always thought you felt the same way.
We were kids.
We had a cheap and ugly fling...
...and not a day goes by
that I don't regret it.
[GASPS]
That is not the only thing
you're gonna regret.
[HORSE NEIGHS]
- Hey, pal.
- Hey, Dad.
Who are they?
We were out hunting, we found them.
Look, you should see
the way that he fixed up her leg.
How did you do that?
Um...
It was surgery, sort of.
No, I've never seen surgery
like that before.
This was an honest-to-God miracle,
praise Jesus.
Look, you're healers, right?
I mean, can you help us?
You don't understand.
What, uh, happened to him?
He took a bad spill off a horse.
He cracked some ribs.
RACHEL:
You did, huh?
Dad tried to warn me.
They can't even get a saddle
on the damn thing.
RACHEL:
Why'd you do it?
Amy Wilkes was watching.
Mm.
The things you do for women.
I knew a boy like you once.
We have to go back to that store
and get a few things.
But, yeah, we can help.
Oh, thank God.
JEREMY:
The whole city's locked down.
We got about a dozen suspects
we're looking at.
We'll find him, sir.
You know, we never got that drink.
Yeah.
Here.
This is a mess, sir. I'm sorry about this.
No, it's all right.
It's a miracle we didn't get hit.
Mm. You can say that again.
I mean, I was lucky.
I had cover. But you, you had, uh...
...nothing. You were totally exposed.
You didn't get hit once.
Was a lousy shot, thank God.
But amazing timing.
Well, he was waiting
right outside the bar.
Or he followed you there, sir.
Thank you for the drink.
If I find out anything, I'll let you know.
What's this?
You led me there.
You were totally exposed...
...and you didn't get hit.
So it would've been better if I got shot?
I didn't have anything to do with this.
- What am I supposed to think?
- That it was a Georgian. Or a rebel.
Or anyone but the only friend
you have left in the world.
It wouldn't be the first time
a friend tried to kill me.
Wow.
Miles did a number on you.
Okay.
All right. All right.
Somebody's gotta say it, so I'll say it.
You wanna know why Neville
and Miles betrayed you?
Because you made them.
- I made them?
- That's right, you did.
They were loyal to you,
Miles was loyal to you at first.
But you were so paranoid and brutal
and unhinged that you pushed them away.
Officers dropping around me like flies
and I stuck around.
Why? I believed
we were trying to make a better world.
What a fool am I.
You know what?
You probably will take over
the continent.
But you're gonna do it alone and
you're gonna suspect everybody around you.
And friend,
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Thank you, Jeremy.
Thank you for telling me the truth.
[GUNSHOT]
Maybe nobody heard that.
[GUNFIRE]
Go, go, go.
[MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
Get down.
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[CHARLIE GRUNTING]
JASON:
I don't understand you.
Why are you doing this?
[JASON GRUNTING]
I don't want your help.
Look.
I know what kind of man I am.
I have done every bad thing
in the Good Book.
I have lied, I've stolen,
I have killed and worse.
I don't care if you're the devil himself,
everyone draws a line somewhere.
And leaving my only son to die alone?
I guess that's where I draw the line.
It's over here.
- What is it?
- Uh...
It's kind of hard to explain.
- You ever read any Michael Crichton?
- Yeah. Yeah.
I used to work at Barnes and Noble.
- What the hell?
- Come on, let's get out of here.
- I thought we were helping this guy's kid.
- And how are we were gonna do that?
I was gonna...
...you know...
...cut that thing out of your knee.
It's too late. Kid's already gone.
Infection's gotten to his organs.
What do you think this guy is gonna do...
-...when the kid dies on our watch?
- You are not a doctor, you don't know.
What if we could save him?
Capsule can't save everyone.
I know that the Tower is important,
I get it.
Heh, but--
But what is the point of having power
if we can't at least try to help people?
What makes you think that
I'm in it to help people?
I want power so Monroe's enemies
can wipe him off the map.
I wanna kill the man who killed my son.
And that's it.
And so you're willing to let
someone else's son die.
I don't care what Warren knew about you.
I don't care what's written in the journal.
If you want to stay here...
...I will leave you here.
SOLDIER:
Don't move!
On the ground! Now!
Easy, son.
You all right?
Okay.
MAN 1:
Hold position!
- All right, cover me.
- Are you crazy?
I just gotta get across the clearing.
You'd be heading into a firing squad.
You got a better idea?
- We run hard, we could make it south.
- No way. Charlie's over there.
You heard what Jason said.
She could be dead, Miles.
Shut up.
And I know this is selfish. And I'm sorry.
But I don't want to lose you too.
I don't wanna watch you die.
Look, I'm not gonna leave Charlie
for dead.
I did it to her mom.
Not gonna do it to her.
Her mom?
Nora, just trust me, okay?
MAN 2:
Open fire!
[GUNFIRE]
Okay.
Nora!
Nora, stop!
MAN 3:
Over there!
- Right there!
MAN 4: Put your hands up!
Charlie!
[MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN 5:
Get the girl!
RACHEL:
You son of a bitch.
MILES:
You left me no choice.
All you had to do
was tell me where Ben is.
I can't.
I don't know.
Rachel.
You know how bad
this is gonna get for you?
Do you think I care?
About this?
Whatever we had?
That we're family?
Because I don't.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[YELLS]
You all right? You hurt?
Nora!
Sir.
Thought you'd like to know.
We caught your would-be assassin.
What?
A Georgian spy just confessed.
And his co-conspirators?
We interrogated him
with extreme prejudice.
We're confident he was acting alone.
Thank you, major.
Charlie.
- Where am I?
- Atlanta.
How'd we get here?
Wasn't easy.
You know, your dad got you out.
- I'm so sorry I left you.
- It wasn't your fault.
I thought you were dead.
I know, I thought I was too.
I don't care what it takes,
you find Nora Clayton.
She's gotta be somewhere.
I mean, we have spies, right? Contacts?
There's not very many left, sir.
Monroe's wiped them out.
God, you're useless.
Guess I'll have to go myself. Huh?
FOSTER:
You're not going anywhere.
I've lost enough men as it is.
May we have some privacy?
How bad is it?
Injured soldiers
are streaming in from the north.
I've lost over half my army in the last week.
With a drone strike it wasn't even a fair fight.
And any day now, Monroe is going to come
marching into this city like Sherman.
Carpet bomb my streets
and lay claim to the rubble.
I have an obligation to save
as many of my people as I can.
So...
I don't know if you have
any brilliant ideas.
But if you do, it's time to hear them
because otherwise...
...I'm gonna surrender.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
NORA:
Get away from me!
Nora.
What a pleasure to see you again.
[English - US - SDH]